Add documentation pages about preloading and FRONT_COMMERCE_FAST (#104)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/advanced/performance/faster-server-side-rendering.md

Technically this is solved by `renderToStringWithData` by entering in the following loop:

1. renders the application
2. checks if there are any pending queries
3. resolve the pending queries
4. restart step 1.

As long as there will be pending queries at step 2., it will go back to step 1., delaying even more the Server Side Rendering. Thus, by avoiding the cascade, you will only need to run one iteration of the loop and be done with it.

To do so, you need to merge your queries and move them as early as possible in your React tree. For instance, in the above example, rather than giving the responsibility to fetch the layer to a child component, we could fuse the two queries into one:

```graphql
{
  category(id: "10") {
    name
    description
    layer({ params: { from: 0, size: 10 } }) {
      products {
        sku
        title
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Limit the number of render iteration

But there is also in Front-Commerce the possibility to force only one iteration of the loop mentioned above. This can be enabled by setting the `FRONT_COMMERCE_FAST` environment variable to `true`.

> This can improve your SSR times drastically. However the risk is that you may have some data that are not rendered properly at the top level of your page. This is a tradeoff between safety and speed.

Reviewer: I'm confused about this sentence.

Here is a proposal:
```suggestion
This can improve your SSR times drastically. However you must be aware that only the top-level queries will be executed on the server. The generated HTML may not contain data that are important for your users, or Search Engines. Such content would be loaded client-side though. This is a tradeoff between safety and speed.
```
